hey guys what's up and welcome back to
the small links channel today i'm taking
you on a
tour of my fridge and my pantry so i can
show you guys everything that i always
keep stocked in the fridge
things that i'm cooking this week and
then everything at gary and i have in
our pantry
for just quick recipes stuff that we are
kind of always eating
before we hop into it remember to give
this video a like if you find it helpful
and subscribe
to smelidex for more content taylor to
take women without further ado let's
hop into the tour okay guys we're going
to start with the fridge
i actually just fully stocked my fridge
yesterday so this is perfect timing
this has everything in it that i will
eat for the week
and also gary and gary is a six foot
four
man and eats a lot of food so it's back
to the brim right now
gary goes to trader joe's i usually
order from whole foods and
we kind of eat each other's food but we
also have things that we like
so let's start with my shelf down here
this is
my shelf because i'm shorter i get the
lower shelf and i have all my egg whites
in the back here i like to use egg
whites no in the morning if i
want to get my fats from other things
like peanut butter and whatnot i will
have
that instead of egg yolks in my egg so i
like to have egg whites to cook with
down here i have some
foods that i made last week it's just a
i cooked a
entire chicken and oven really easy
thing to do last like the whole week
and then i had some potatoes here for
carbs and i'll just leave it in the
fridge as like an easy carb
to grab when i need it here we have my
favorite breads
i love dave's killer bread the bagels
are phenomenal
they have a good amount of protein in
them 11 grams of protein and a bagel
which is amazing
they have a moderate amount of carb same
amount
amount you would find in like any bagel
and little fat just like
you know other bagels and i also love
the dave's killer bread
good seed i usually get the thin sliced
and it just lets you eat more bread
because they're thinner sliced
good source of protein that is bread but
also not
just carbs we also have um i made like a
hash
so some more carbs here and then
down here this is my veggies drawer i
keep all of my
greens in here so they're fresh i have
some spinach and arugula mix
i have um same thing i just was running
out
oh my friend just making that really
annoying sound so we need to fix it
we have let's see i have two bell
peppers in here
cucumber celery
we have some organic green beans
[Music]
some chives and scallions and i do
meal plan every week you guys know i
have another video on how i meal plan
and so a lot of this is i bought it for
a recipe
or something and i'm gonna cook for
example i'm making chicken
quesadillas for dinner this week so i
bought the bell peppers for that
i have the celery to put in a tuna salad
that i already made i'll show you guys
i have all the lettuce and the grape
tomatoes and the cucumber
so i can throw together a really quick
easy salad with my lunches every day
just to get
my greens in okay and then condiments
that i have
i use um almond milk creamer or
we love this coffee creamer from trader
joe's it's just we like vanilla coffee
creamer
with my mancha in the morning and then i
have other condiments back here i have
capers which i add to
smoked salmon if i'm doing like salmon
on dave's colored bread with
a little bit of like cream cheese i'll
put capers on top um
i have some sweet relish for the tuna
salad i make
i have some pizza sauce in case i want
to make like a tortilla pizza with
um you know ground beef mince or chicken
as my protein topping
have that in there this let's see this
drawer over here this is gary's
it's mostly fruit he has like 100
bananas i'll have to show you he's like
a monkey we have like a million bananas
on our counter right now
um he has always like fruit apples he's
a big fruit guy um and then in this
section right here this is where we keep
other miscellaneous things
i have some tortillas i love this gary
gets me this from trader joe's it's uh
everything but the bagels seasoned
smoked salmon and i'll just put it on
toast love it
and then there's some provolone cheese
i'll make like a tuna melt with this
and we have some grated cheese i'll
probably use that in quesadillas tonight
now moving on to this shelf this is
kind of a shared shelf mostly gary i do
have some salsa here that i'm going to
use
in my quesadillas tonight i have
leftover turkey taco soup that i've been
making it's
phenomenal it's really really good and
this is the tuna salad i made
for the week it's really great to just
make things that you can put in a
container and put away and just grab so
that you don't have to think about it
the more that you have to think about
what you're going to eat the
more likely you are to like order out or
make a choice that's not necessarily
going to help you meet your goals so
i always like to have as much prepared
food in here i prepared myself
ahead of the week so that i can just
grab something and i know it'll
help me towards my goals and not just
feed me when i'm hungry gary has
his perfect bars here i don't eat these
but he loves perfect bars
they are very minimal minimally
processed so they're like a pretty great
option for
bars i have some ground turkey for my
tacos tonight and then we have four
containers of blueberries that would be
gary but i definitely help them eat
those
we have a lot of non-fat greek yogurt
love greek yogurt i use it as a sour
cream substitute when i cook mexican
dinners or like quesadillas tonight
i use it in protein bowls that i'll add
protein powder to and
you know peanut butter and make it like
a nice little dessert
there's a lot of great uses for this
because it's high protein and it tastes
good
we have our cage-free pasture-raised
eggs here those are the best kind of
eggs you can get if you can
manage to get these always go for the
pasture raised because the
yolks will have more nutrients in them
there'll be more of a deeper orange and
a bright yellow that you'll see
and that's because the birds are grazing
and getting more nutrients themselves if
they're pasteurized versus
raised in the barn or in a cage and then
up here
this has a lot of gary's food we have
our fat free or
not fat free sorry unsweetened vanilla
almond milks
have some lacroix which i love my
favorite flavor right now is
the limoncello which gary thinks is
disgusting but
comment below and tell me your favorite
flavor of lacroix if you
have one because i think this is the
best one and then gary has his
seltzer which is much higher calorie
it's a trader joe's sparkling strawberry
juice beverage it's so good but it's
just like pure sugar and it makes me
feel
like crap when i drink it just like
super jittery so i don't really have
much of that
and then in the sides here we have
condiments
we like soy sauce sriracha don't really
use a lot of these to be honest
we have some jams over here for
breakfast foods
and butter i have my vitamins that i
keep refrigerated
a probiotic not all probiotics vitamins
need to be refrigerated but
mine happen to be and this is gary's
little
stash of dark chocolate peanut butter
cups from trader joe's
we definitely have some of those and
that concludes
what's in our fridge right now okay next
moving on to
our pantry we have a couple drawers that
would count as our pantry
living in new york you just have to do
the best you can so we don't have like
a kardashian pantry you know we just
have
our little shelves so let me walk you
guys through what i have in here
there's a lot so i'm gonna go through
all the things that are my favorites i
guess
so to start i have my women's best
pre-workout this is something i've been
testing
and i haven't actually announced it on
youtube but if you follow me on
instagram you'll know that i recently
became a sponsored athlete with women's
best
and i'm really excited about it i've
been using their protein and wearing
their clothes for so many years ever
since i started my fitness journey so
this is just really exciting
i keep my pre-workout in here um one
note about pre-workout if you guys have
followed me for a long time
you'll know that i don't typically use
pre-workout this
i have been testing and i've been really
enjoying it for an afternoon cardio
where i just need an extra kick
and petite women we do not need the full
scoop it's just a big hit so i just use
one fourth of scoop this is the
watermelon mint flavor it's delicious it
tastes so good
and it's just it's just a nice little
kick for an afternoon workout that you
might not feel super motivated for
i also have my women's best fit whey
protein i need to order a new one
this is a chocolate flavor i normally am
not a chocolate girl
i like there are other flavors too but
this chocolate
it tastes like chocolate milk when you
mix it with almond milk it's so good
it just like hits the spot i've been
having this
in my morning workouts as sort of like
an intro nutrition meal just to
get some carbs and protein into my
muscles as i'm working out
and i'm also reverse dieting right now
and doing sort of a maintenance phase so
this has been awesome for just slowly
increasing calories and
and adding it during a workout time
where i can make the most use of those
calories
this has been awesome we also have my
matcha here you guys know i have like
three matches a day it's a problem
this is jade matcha i also like ipodo
but i've been
subscribed to jade their 100 gram can
on monthly subscription it's great both
gary and i use it every single day
next up i have some liquid sweeteners my
favorite right now is the monk fruit
sweetener
it's just a zero calorie sweetener i
like to add it to my matcha if i
am just drinking it with plain almond
milk or i'll add it to
like a yogurt bowl it can really be
added to anything
i don't add it to anything that's
already sweet and
if i'm eating something and i'm
naturally sleeping it with fruit then i
don't need it but it's great for
random things that are just mostly my
matcha to be honest or or yogurt yeah
there i also have a liquid stevia one so
the stevia one is not as
it just tastes like stevia so if you
don't like the taste of stevia you're
obviously not gonna like liquid stevia
but you might like the organic monk
fruit it's a great
it's a great sweetener next up we have
justin's honey peanut butter i love
justin's products in general his
chocolates peanut butter cups the peanut
butter it's
so good the honey one is especially
great and it doesn't really add
very much sugar or anything it's just a
tinge sweeter
love this i recently bought this so i
just have been testing it out
the nuts and more powdered cookie dough
powdered cookie dough superfood
it's a powder that has a little bit of
protein
low carb and low fat and you can add it
to
mostly i add it to shakes and yogurt and
it just
creates that cookie dough flavor it's
using peanuts it's mostly
peanut flour cookie dough spices cane
sugar sea salt so it's like a sweetener
flavor add
and it's a way to kind of get the peanut
buttery taste
without the oil so it's a powder so
obviously there's not a ton of oils and
fats in it which is what makes it great
especially if you're trying to hit
your macros and you're being conscious
of your fat intake oh i also tried the
nuts and more
cookie dough spread and that was
dangerous you guys i ate that
way too fast i'm not gonna order it
again because it was like it was like
eating cookie dough nutella and i was
just
i just it was so good i ate way too much
of it in one sitting and felt
not so great so i'm sticking to the
powder for now
next up down here we have some random
things these are mango
dried mango slices i bought these for a
cheese board i made when we had some
friends over and i just kind of snack on
them but
i don't i'm not gonna buy them again
probably have some nuts cashews
almond slices sunflower seeds things
that i would add to a salad just add a
crunch
have my matcha bowl and whisk bamboo
whisk
for when i'm feeling fancy then we have
some honey
some light agave which i'll usually use
if i'm making a margarita or something
i'll use just a little bit of
white agave and that's about all that's
in there okay the fun stuff is up here
this is like where the party happens
so first of all we have
my birch benders pan pancake mix and
waffle mix it's a protein mix
i got the high protein one it's amazing
for
having pancakes and not having to worry
about you know
just having way too much carb and sugar
overload
um and they do have a decent amount of
carbs in them already which is great so
i've been having these as a post-workout
meal and it's been
so good recently uh unicorn superfoods
sent me these
they their instagram is really cool you
should check them out
this isn't sponsored they just they have
awesome beautiful
food photography using um natural
ingredients so they sent me pink pitaya
and very delicious blend i'm going to
try adding these to my smoothies and
maybe
make some something bake with it but
it's really nice to just
have color in your face sometimes next
up we have
organic chia seeds these are amazing for
just sprinkling on your yogurt getting
extra fiber they're a really healthy
source of fiber and fats i'll also make
chia seed pudding as a breakfast option
that's a really good overnight
option if you just make a chia pudding
the night before you wake up
it's delicious you can add protein to it
you can add fruit to it whatever you
want really and it's
it's awesome we have some nutritional
yeast which is great for sprinkling on
top of things to give it like a cheesy
flavor without
cheese especially if you are vegan or
vegetarian or
well vegan it's also
delicious on lots of things
you can make um like a cheesy sauce
without real cheese i've done that
before
it's just good to have in your pantry
for cooking if you want to add
the flavor of cheese without adding
cheese itself now i have a couple
powders from navitas they make a lot of
different
powdered things i have turmeric powder
and cacao turmeric is something i might
add to a smoothie the cacao is something
i would add to
literally anything it just makes your
stuff taste like chocolate and it has
a lot of fiber in it as well which is
very healthy
and it's a superfood so it's good to
have i have some
from suncor foods i have some blue
spirulina this is how everyone on
instagram makes their smoothies bright
blue or like the mermaid smoothies they
just add
it's algae it's blue algae it's dried
they just add a very small amount and it
will turn
anything of very high
also pigment a superfood now what's left
is mostly my baking stuff i have coconut
flour
almond flour different types of flour
and
my instant oatmeal up here so nothing
too exciting
here are my oats these would be the
things that i cook with
the most we also have a pantry up here
which i'll show you
it's basically just canned goods so
beans corn
ripe rice which is a great rice i love
their rice it's a high protein rice
just you know things that
non-perishables less exciting stuff
but it's good to have if you need to
make a soup or
you you know it's just good to have
canned goods lying around
easy to add to easy recipes
the last pantry that we have is down
here and this is like
i want to just say it's like it's like
the naughty pantry it's like where we
keep
the desserts or like gary hides cookies
down there
or popcorn snacks it's like the snack
the fun pantry okay so it's not super
organized and it's very dark
but i'm gonna pull these things out for
you guys to see so we have some vanilla
meringues
these are fat free they're basically
just little protein carb
sugar puffs made with egg whites i love
these as a sweet treat
we also have tons of granolas so
these are gary's granolas i don't eat
these but what i do eat
i do like the kind granola i have a dark
chocolate in a
vanilla blueberry granola that i'll add
to my yogurt bowls
also down here we have a bag of
quinoa chips that i'll add to you know
taco night and another protein from
tropica that i'm almost out of it's the
sarah's day
cookie dough protein i love the flavor
it's very sweet
the only thing i don't like about it is
that it's slightly higher in fat so it's
not
it's not great if you need just a
protein powder that's only protein and
carbs
or just protein it has a little bit of
fats in it but i still love this
it's been really delicious and that's
pretty much
oh gary also has these cookies he just
got from trader joe's so
we store kind of like the sugary goods
down here all right you guys i hope you
really enjoyed the tour
of my fridge and pantry if you did
please give this video a thumbs up
i also want to let you guys know i know
that i mentioned the protein powder from
women's best
if you want to try it out i will leave
my code in the description below it
links to the vitamin shop women's best
has a new partnership with them
it's faster shipping and fun stuff like
that so check it out below if you'd like
to support me i'd really appreciate it
and they also have a whole new line of
activewear this is from it
launching today new colors so check out
the women's best site for that
other than that you guys i hope you have
an amazing rest of your day let me know
any questions
in comments below and i will talk to you
next week
[Music]